["Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t – you’re right. —Henry Ford","Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it. —Rafiki, The Lion King","If I had nine hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend the first six sharpening my axe. —Abraham Lincoln","The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven. —   John Milton, Paradise Lost","Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. —Stephen Hawking","Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure. —Stanley McChrystal","Fight till the last gasp. —William Shakespeare, Henry VI","Do or do not. There is no try. —Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back","Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. —Salvador Dali","Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending. —Jim Hensen","In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. — Thomas Jefferson","Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. —George Addai","Quality is job one. —Henry Ford","Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE. —Joss Whedon","The best way out is always through. —Robert Frost","Imitation is suicide. —Ralph Waldo Emerson","I would rather die of passion than of boredom. –Vincent van Gogh","Dream big and dare to fail. –Norman Vaughan","Change your thoughts and you change your world. –Norman Vincent Peale","If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. -Anonymous","Opportunities don’t happen, you create them. -Chris Grosser","I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work. -Thomas A. Edison","Don’t raise your voice, improve your argument. -Anonymous","You can do anything, but not everything. -Anonymous","The starting point of all achievement is desire. -Napolean Hill","It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see. -Anonymous","Fortune sides with him who dares. -Virgil","You never regret being kind. -Nicole Shepherd","Learning never exhausts the mind. —Leonardo Da Vinci","The power of imagination makes us infinite. —John Muir","An innovator is one who does not know it cannot be done. —R.A. Mashelkar","If you hit the target every time, it’s too near or too big. —Tom Hirshfield","Tough times never last, but tough people do. —Dr. Robert Schuller","Why are you keeping this curiosity door locked? ― Dustin, Stranger Things","Be so good they can’t ignore you. — Steve Martin","I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done. —  Lucille Ball","Nolite te bastardes carborundorum. Don’t let the bastards grind you down.” ― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid’s Tale","Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you. ― George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones","It’s time to try defying gravity. —Elphaba, Wicked","The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -Thomas Edison","Great acts are made up of small deeds. -Lao Tzu","Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much. -Oscar Wilde","Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. -Vince Lombardi","Thoughts become things. –Mike Dooley","No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it. –Albert Einstein","The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart. –Buddha"]
